c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WooCommerceNET.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WooCommerce.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WooCommerce\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WooCommerce.pdb
